Hey guys, today we will be watching the movie
"The Tomorrow War".
The movie starts with a scene in which we
see some people falling down from the sky.
Movie's protagonist Dan is one of those people
he along with other people fall into a swimming
pool of the high-rise building.
When Dan comes out of there he has a gun in
his hand and he seems ready for a war.
From here we go 28 years back it's Dan's daughter's
birthday and he has brought a lot of gifts
for her.
Dan's wife reminds him that his father had
sent a letter for his granddaughter's birthday.
Dan tells his wife that he doesn't need greetings
from his father and that he should forget
about his granddaughter as well.
Dan is a biologist and he has a job as a teacher
which he isn't very happy at.
He is going for a job interview but before
even he gets to leave his house he gets a
rejection call.
Dan becomes frustrated and angry because of
the rejection he returns home and starts watching
tv with his daughter.
There's a football match going on suddenly
a portal of some kind opens up in the middle
of the football ground and out of that portal
lot of men come out in combat uniform and
Then their leader Lieutenant Hart makes her
entrance.
Lieutenant Hart starts explaining the situation
she explains that they have come from the
future and that there's a war going on in
the future.
She then reveals that they are here to recruit
people to join them for the war due to the
concerning threat to the entire human race
and its existence the government decides to
send the military from the present to fight
the war in future.
But the military from the present is unable
to win the war so the government decides to
send civilians as militants in the war of
future.
One day Dan is teaching to his class in the
middle of which Dan receives a message which
tells him to report his draft status for the
war.
After few experiments on him Dan is seemed
eligible to participate in the war.
When Dan asks why he is fit to go to the war
the people in the lab reveal that he is going
to die in seven years.
So by logic his participation in the war isn't
going to change his and his family's lives
by much.
Hearing this Dan is confused and before he
can even comprehend what's going on a device
is fitted on his arm.
The device allows Dan to jump to and from
the future war they also reveal that if Dan
removes that device from his arm they will
put him in prison and his family member will
have to take his place in the war.
Dan now tells his wife about the whole thing.
Being worried she suggests that they should
run away from the government.
Dan says that they cannot run away from the
government but his wife asks him to go to
his father who can help him.
Dan at first refuses this idea but his wife
asks him to do this for their daughter.
Now Dan goes to his father his father tells
him that he can remove that device but later
it turns out that Dan's father doesn't believe
him and thinks that Dan is here to help the
cops arrest him.
After this they have an argument.
Tt is then revealed that when Dan was a child
his father had left him and his mother.
Dan's father tries to explain why he did that
but Dan refuses to believe him and leaves
without removing the device from his arm.
He goes to his wife and says that there is
no solution if I am chosen I have to go to
the war.
Dan's wife becomes sad after hearing this
she says that if he has accepted this decision
she cannot stop him.
And now goes to his daughter he tells her
that he will be leaving for an urgent piece
of work and that he will be gone for a week.
Dan's daughter understands that he will be
leaving for war she gets sad but Dan assures
her that he will be back.
Dan now leaves after saying goodbye to his
daughter.
In the next scene we see Dan with many others
reach the research center they're all handed
out weapons and are briefed that they will
be at war for a total of seven days.
And if they are able to survive those seven
days they will be brought back to the present
time.
At the center, Dan meets Charlie and few other
people. Charlie tells Dan that the person
in red shirt is called Dorian. It is Dorian's
third time going to war in the future. It
is also revealed that the thing over Dorian's
neck is the claw of a White Spike which is
the thing that the human race is at war against.
In a separate briefing for the first timers,
one woman asks an interesting question. she
asks that if we have a time machine then why
don't we go to the time just before the war
started and not let it begin. Then a young
man explains that they can only jump to and
from time at a range of 30 years which is
between 2021 and 2051.
Here it is revealed that the thing they are
going at war against are aliens called White
Spikes and that they rest every six days which
is when the people from present will go out
and fight while the aliens rest.
In the next scene Dan is talking with Charlie
then suddenly alarm starts going off a research
center in the future is under attack by the
White Spikes so they need to go right now
to stop it or else everything the human race
knows about the aliens will get lost in that
research center they all line up and the portal
opens up above them slowly everyone gets sucked
by the portal and the controller of the portal
senses something wrong but it's too late and
most of them are already gone to the future
now we go back to the scene which started
the movie due to the mistake in the time machine
many of them land to their death Dan however
with few others are lucky to land in the swimming
pool the remaining people group up and the
view of the future totally shocks them it's
total chaos and the city of miami is in total
ruins Dan gets in communication with the people
in the present time due to Dan's experience
in military he is told to assemble everyone
and rescue a team from a building which is
surrounded by the White Spikes Dan gets everyone
together and heads to the building the building
seems to already have been attacked by the
White Spikes Dan and his team find the research
team dead Dan tells this to the colonel who
commands them to collect few data and samples
from the lab and head out of there immediately
they all collect the necessary hard drives
and data from the lab the colonel commands
the bomb squad to drop bomb on the city so
Dan and his team have to get out of there
quickly White Spikes are surrounding the building
so Dan and his team decide to take the stairway
it's really quite here they're all cautious
of their surrounding Dan hears a soft growling
he tells everyone to stay silent he looks
down the stairway but there's nothing down
there so they all slowly go down the stairway
then one of the team members notices something
moving in the upper floors he calls out everyone
to notice it Dan points his flashlight to
the thing and then we see what the White Spikes
really look like the White Spike shoots a
spike from his body that instantly takes out
one of Dan's team members now everyone starts
shooting at the White Spike the attack provokes
all the White Spikes and they take down few
of the humans Dan and Charlie try to fight
off one of the White Spike they shoot at it
intensely but it doesn't die Dan tells everyone
to run while he attempts to hold one of the
White Spike that is after them Dan keeps shooting
but the White Spike isn't hurt and charges
towards Dan realizing that bullet isn't causing
any harm to it Dan takes out the axe from
the building and manages to hit it on the
White Spikes head but it still doesn't die
Dorian then comes back and shoots the White
Spike on the neck which finally kills it Dorian
explains that to kill it humans need to shoot
it on its neck or bellies that is the only
way to kill them Dan and his team are finally
outside the building and they get back up
from few tanks they're all happy to see the
backup but it doesn't last long as White Spikes
take down the tanks as well they have no option
but to charge forward as the bombing squad
starts dropping bombs on the city while running
away from the bombs one of the team members
falls down a rail and breaks his legs
Dorian wants to leave him and go to safety
but Dan wants to save the guy and so he and
the team jumps down as well but it's too late
to save him as the White Spikes are all over
there one woman from the team tells Dan to
leave as she has been shot they try to fight
off the White Spikes and get enough time for
others to escape the bombs drop in at the
same time killing the White Spikes in a matter
of seconds the whole city is bombed down Dan
Charlie and Dorian are the only ones that
manage to survive they are at a new base and
are safe for now Dan asks Dorian on why he
is at the war for the third time Dorian answers
that he has cancer and rather than dying a
slow death he prefers to die in his own terms
then an officer comes to them and says the
Charlie and Dorian are to redeploy against
the White Spikes as for Dan he was asked to
see by the colonel anne meets the colonel
who thanks him for bringing back the samples
from the research lab Dan then gets to know
that the colonel has the same last name forester
as him Dan asks her where she's from colonel
replies that she is from the same place as
himself Dan gets silent and realizes that
she is his daughter miri Dan tries to get
close to her but murray stops him Dan says
that he will respect her rank as a colonel
and not referred to as his daughter Murie
tells Dan that due to the lack of manpower
she's not only a colonel but also acts as
the lead researcher Dan seems very proud of
her Murie explains that she didn't bring him
here to spend time with him she brought him
there because he has to do something to save
the human race Dan asks her the reason but
murray says that he will know in time murray
now tells Dan about the female White Spikes
she tells him that the females are much stronger
and aggressive than the males the female White
Spikes nest underground and reproduce at a
massive rate while the males protect them
Muri further explains that they had found
out a way to kill the males but the females
were different she tells him that they plan
to capture a female White Spike and do tests
on her to find out a way to kill the females
to stop the reproduction of the whole species
of White Spikes the team heads out to catch
the female White Spike on their way Dan asks
murray what happened in the future between
him and his family murray refuses to tell
him anything but she seems sad about it they
reach the nesting ground of the female White
Spikes a few people are pulling the chains
tied to the female White Spike who is inside
the cave the female finally gets outside and
starts attacking everyone they are failing
to capture the female Murie decides to go
down to help her team Dan wants to go with
her but she commands him to stay there as
he is important to her plans murray goes down
and shoots off a tentacle of the female which
gets it really angry the White Spike attacks
murray while the others try to pull it inside
the cage meanwhile Dan notices a storm of
male White Spikes who are on their way to
save the female he sees one male coming towards
the cave so he goes down and kills it Dan
goes down into the cave and helps murray and
her team to finally get the female White Spike
into the cage after fighting off the White
Spikes with a tank Dan and murray managed
to escape from there they reach a beach and
wait for the rescue team to take them from
there while waiting Dan and murray talk about
what happened after Dan had returned from
the war Murie reveals that after Dan returned
from the war he was a completely different
person he left Murie and her mother to be
all alone by themselves when yuri needed him
the most he wasn't there for her because of
this Murie was sad all her life and didn't
seem too happy to see Dan come back from the
past Dan and miri now reach the new facility
they have the female White Spike with them
the White Spike is put to sleep with heavy
doses of sedatives all that is left to do
is to study the female White Spike's body
and find what is stopping the toxins to kill
it Dan and murray know that if they are able
to detect a female White Spike's defense against
a toxin they can create something that will
neutralize the White Spikes defense and subsequently
kill all of the species they're on multiple
tests but they cannot find anything that will
help them Muri starts getting frustrated with
the amount of failed tests Dan wants to help
her and asks how he is going to help her in
this war against the White Spikes murray then
reveals her plan on how to save the entire
human race Murie tells Dan that there is no
way they can kill all the White Spikes in
the current time they're in so when the toxin
is ready miri wants Dan to take it with him
in the past after which Dan is to mass produce
the toxin and use it to kill all the White
Spikes when they attack earth just then the
computer reads that the formula of the toxin
to kill the female White Spikes has been found
they finally have the weapon to kill all the
White Spikes but they don't get to enjoy the
moment for too long the female White Spike
is awake and the males have also reached the
facility to save the female Dan and murray
leave the research lab and head towards the
helipad thousands of White Spikes are attacking
the last remaining numbers of humans the male
White Spikes finally help the female out of
the chains and she is angry fear is only six
minutes left until Dan will jump back in time
nuri has to protect him until then murray
and Dan try to reach the top but the White
Spikes are also in search of them while almost
reaching the helipad murray is attacked by
a White Spike and is thrown down Dan goes
down to help her he supports her and tries
to get her away from there the whole facility
is overwhelmed by the number of White Spikes
it really seems that it is the end of the
world Dan tells murray that they have to keep
moving but miri is in no shape to move at
all he finally realizes that she was heavily
injured by the attack of the White Spike they
both realize that she is going to die Dan
doesn't want to leave her but miri hands him
the toxin and tells him that he has to leave
her in order to save the world just then the
female White Spike appears in front of them
and the structure that they're on also breaks
down murray folds down with it but Dan manages
to hold her hand he tries to hold her with
all his power but murray's hands slip and
she starts falling down Dan throws himself
off as well to save Murie but the time device
on his arm takes him back to his time and
with other survivors reach the current timeline
Dan screams in pain and medical staffs rush
in to help everyone injured Dan finally wakes
up explains that they have to mass produce
this toxin and go to the future to save murray
and others Lieutenant hart tells Dan that
the time jump link has been broken and now
there's no way they can go to the future Dan
gets discharged and meets his wife who is
waiting for him Dan gets welcomed by murray
at home he gets emotional after seeing his
daughter alive and hugs her tight that night
Dan and his wife talk about when the White
Spikes could attack earth there's no record
on when the White Spikes attack earth so they
don't know when they should be ready for it
his wife then suggests the idea that what
if they're already here on earth and they
only attack the humans in the future the idea
seems interesting to Dan so he goes to Dorian
and manages to get his help Dan with the help
of Charlie finds out that the White Spikes
had a volcanic ash in their claws but Dan
is confused how the chinese volcanic ash is
found in the White Spike's claws who first
attacked on russia Dan now tries to get the
help of this school student who seems to be
an expert in ancient volcanoes this part is
really silly I mean why does he have to go
to a school student to get information on
volcanoes when he could have just gone to
someone with more knowledge and expertise
this part of the movie was really unnecessary
and silly to me however the clever student
tells Dan that the ancient chinese volcanic
eruption had spread its ash up to the russian
glaciers which could be where they might find
the White Spikes in hiding Dan now knows where
to find the White Spikes so he goes to the
person in charge of all this and asks for
help which gets declined Dan now has no option
but to go to his dad his father is a pilot
and has a plane to help them in this mission
Lieutenant hart and few others join Dan on
the mission they all head out to the glacier
island to find and kill the White Spikes after
reaching the glacier island the team blasts
a magnetic area and find a cave that leads
them to the White Spikes aircraft they enter
the aircraft and find the White Spikes in
hibernation anne and his team inject the White
Spikes with the toxins which seems to work
as the White Spikes get killed however the
ones behind them start waking up Dan hurries
to inject one of them but is thrown away by
its powers all the White Spikes are now out
of their hibernation Dorian says that they
have no time and they need to blow the entire
aircraft he then hands Dan the White Spike's
teeth which again seems pointless but it will
serve a purpose later on Lieutenant Hart finds
more White Spikes in the ship and she tries
to hold them off Dorian then presses the bomb
which blasts the entire ship Dan barely manages
to survive the blast Dan's father tells him
that the female was the only one which had
managed to escape Dan realizes that if they
don't kill the female there will be no point
of this mission Dan and his father head off
in search of the female White Spike they finally
see the female who charges forward to attack
Dan's father Dan tells him to move away but
the White Spike gets a hold of him and attacks
him however it turns out that it was just
a decoy and Dan's father was in hiding who
shoots the White Spike on its head which surely
doesn't kill it the father and son duo both
shoot at the White Spike in order to kill
it after an intense fight Dan manages to inject
the toxin on the White Spike's hand it finally
seems that the female White Spike will die
but to everyone's surprise it bites off his
hand and is healthy as ever again the female
walks towards Dan who is just right at the
edge of a cliff Dan's father cuts his hand
to attract a White Spike away from Dan he
apologizes to Dan for not being there for
him and is ready to sacrifice his life to
save Dan the White Spike charges to attack
him but just then Dan manages to climb onto
the White Spike and cuts its throat with the
same thing that Dorian gave him minutes earlier
Dan then manages to get the last vial of toxin
he has with him and throws it inside the White
Spike's mouth Dan then lands a final kick
to the White Spike which falls off the cliff
to its death and now the whole human race
is saved Dan returns back to his wife and
daughter and this time he has brought his
father with him Dan's father finally gets
to meet his granddaughter Dan and his wife
share a kiss and the movie ends overall a
good movie a sick plot with a decent storytelling
and a superb visual effects I was really impressed
by the effects with which they brought the
White Spikes to life in the movie however
I really could have gone without the school
kid explaining volcanoes what do you guys
think did you guys enjoy the movie comment
down below and subscribe to never miss out
on our video